Overview: what is aertos -- table of contents -- quick demo highlights of what it can do. --

installing aertos: steps to get it installed properly.

Creating your first project: how to aeinit new project. add project to your configure project. link to commonAOs library. how to aeselect to another project. how to aegenerate your project. how to aeconfig.

example project blinky:create an aeloop object blinky


AE concepts:
	AOs: what are they? (persistent objects with code that runs asynchronously of each other.)
		Events: what they are. difference between a signal-event and an event. how to publish an event. how to publish an event from an interrupt. how to create your own event. 
		AELoopObject: what it is. how to create your own. how to subscribe to events		
		AEClock: what they are, how to set them, or have them flow to a tdu, sensor, or tick from an interrupt.
		Observors: brief description of what they are and how they can be useful to you.
			Sensors: what they are, how to set them. Talk about where the sensor data can come from (can be mocked or set to an adc). how to have them flow to a filter, spb. 
			filters: what they are. how to create your own filter.
			spb: what they are. talk about the frequency drop concept of count buffers. talk about the limitations of spbs input channels. talk about how to have a spb chain run via the same task for efficiency. when to use a spb vs filter (when multiple channels are needed).  how to create your own spb. 
		Utilities: what are they and why you would use it (to encapsulate a shared resource and manage it via priorities of the calling AO). talk about services and and how they queue requests. talk about the difference between a normal service and a tdu service. how to set a tdu to a clock or a spb. how to wait for an event. how to create your own utility. 
		FSMs: what are they. explain the substatemachine feature. how to create your own. how to view the graph generated for your fsm.
		

switching between pc target and embedded device: how to do it

AEHal: what it is with function demos. how to create your own hal implementation for a device.

integration testing/ debugging:  (aeprint, aememcpyfrombottom) functions demos and where to find your test results. performance timers functions and where to find times.
 

advanced project example motor speed controller: quick image of the diagram and an explanation of how it works.


aertos uploadDataToPC utility: how to use it. Limitations.


